# Chapter 14: Conclusions

- todo: edit for accuracy

Web development was designed as a way to give people in the 2000’s something to occupy their time without going insane. This conclusion is likely because it is only physically possible to exercise for 1-3 hours a day. A common issue with skateboarding is overtraining because of the smaller muscles used in the repetitive movements and long gaps of unemployment in the modern contracting market with nothing to occupy the remaining 12-14 hours of the day. Distractions from boredom have a long anthropogenic history and are no different than prehistoric cave paintings or 17th century renaissance literature.

Most of the following is guesswork and hearsay from exaggerated second-hand internet accounts and professor rants about the history of computers but similar events probably occurred. Students were told that manufacturing jobs were disappearing over seas (C programming computer automation pun) and the only futureproof middle class jobs were in computers. Science and business colleges told their students to learn software engineering to become more employable. Unemployed graduates would have the ability to program an XYZ server within 2-5 years. Most Google and Yahoo searches in the 2000’s were to find navigation directions. It would follow that improved data visualization with online mapping software would lead to a large paycheck from IBM or the federal government and an early retirement. This is important because the early internet was programmed to share information between academics, rendering the network unsuitable for business ventures because automated programs swept through university supercomputers to ensure compliance.

Underemployed professors or career graduate students resented academics because they thought they were smart enough to be well paid medical doctors. Building an encrypted server or database inaccessible from internet watchdogs meant businesses could automate and monetize their operations with computers and gain a competitive advantage. However, building a boot drive to use the internet without subjecting the information to safeguards is impossible and you would have to make an entire physical network by yourself without anyone noticing. This means that computer viruses that are actually dangerous are also impossible because manual garbage collection tasks would restart the contained network before it spread to other parts of the entire network. These jobs were automated by the 1990’s and are roughly equivalent to GIS jobs wherein middle class employment in a large city sounds attractive on paper until 40 hours a week are spent pressing the same four buttons and the employee’s physical and mental health gradually deteriorates from low exercise and overeating. It is probable that academics were so far up their own asses writing articles that automated garbage collection programs were included in the internet ranging on a scale from minor irritants like spelling changes to more extreme face swapping revenge porn or extremist takeovers. The intention was to prevent falling asleep at the wheel and annoying everyone in the real world or committing serious crimes in the name of a misunderstood cause, however identity fraud in the early days might implicate the wrong people.

The social science research studies available through universities have low accuracy scores because they are teaching tools used to explain complicated critical thinking skills without exposing world ending information like nuclear and rocket technology to the general public. Most people have the ability to understand complicated mathematics if they become highly motivated but the government doesn’t have the resources to adequately guard the entire population from intellectual property theft. As virtually displayed by computer security passwords, increasing the attack surface area also increases the potential for information leaks. Applying published psychological behavior modifications to keep overeducated and unemployable research scientists from becoming annoying through automated systems is stupid because the foundation it’s based on was meant as a learning tool and is rarely reproducible. The increasing amount of biological information collected from cell phones, security systems, and purchases from social media applications was meant to circumnavigate the lack of feedback but has evolved into the equivalent of perpetually living in front of the filming of a 1970’s live TV audience for a sitcom. An alternative is paying desperate people minimum wage to risk their well being by mildly or severely annoying the big genius blogger but either way the measure of stinkiness is entirely subjective as displayed by drunks and masochists and attempts to create an accurate scale via surveys is especially flawed.

An analogy for software development in the later part of the 20th century is the California Gold rush in the 1800’s where the only people that acquired significant wealth were merchants selling equipment, who were already wealthy from owning distribution industries. The 1990’s Information Technology (IT) bubble was a boom for lawyers until their jobs were also automated by computers. Early scientists making discoveries were teenagers and young adults who got intoxicated and forgot things like passwords, leading to automated programs buying real estate, concert tickets, and natural resources from websites creating economic bubbles. The technological solution was to place these people in actual information bubbles cutoff from affecting the outside world.

Computer science curriculum includes networking which has several layers such as the Wide Area Network (WAN) that spans the globe, Local Area Network (LAN) whose boundaries are within a state, county, or city, and Body Area Network (BAN) that follows the living space or a person. That course was mimicked in GIS through the concept of layers in which there is a basemap representing the world, government boundaries, and topics of interest such as houses. Political information disseminated through news, images, and video are generalized through each of these filters for people in localities throughout the world, meaning the local information is different for someone from Idaho compared with someone living across the country.

The arguments for why someone should vote for a political party or think a certain way are nearly identical but the candidates might be from different parties. That concept is well established in GIS, computational biology, and computer science by the address, genome, or file sequencer and is represented more broadly by attempts at educating people through introducing experiences and lessons in a specific order. There are several methods of increasing accuracy of sequencers that range in complexity and resulting accuracy from simple binary sort, to genetic heuristics, and finally the branch and bound algorithm and are marked by historical periods in the 19th to 21st century from slave or gender roles, to the rise and fall of genetic driven facism, and finally the multiple party layered system of democracy. Introduction to time and space complexities are covered further in later chapters. An age-old English idiom is that there is more than one way to skin a cat implying that there are infinite ways, yet the skinner either starts at the bottom, the top, or the middle and eventually removes the entire surface in a similar amount of time. This means that any field of study can offer nearly identical material.

One of the greater challenges for educators is to lead their students to the correct answer through sequential challenges without giving them the answer to memorize to build general thinking ability. An example in computer science is that since a student spent the required amount of time learning Python, they could learn any language in a short amount of time but prefer Python because it would be less work to use the tool they already know to accomplish the task. Another challenge for educators is to avoid leading their students to illogical conclusions that result in bodily harm. Asking someone a series of questions to say they love programming to get a job is similar to asking a plumber to say they love a hammer.

Popular academic attempts to accomplish this set nationalist dogma against an invisible and nonexistent belief system that was anti-whatever political ideology happened to be popular at that time in a specific geographic region in the United States. The hyper-competitive race included computer science in the 1980’s, arts and exercise in the 1960’s, and mathematics and statistics in the 1940’s had several unforeseen societal outcomes. Computer science automated most of the white collar and manufacturing jobs leading to unemployment resentment. Arts and music induced popularizing fringe social beliefs with bizarre tactics. Widespread knowledge of mathematics and statistics as applied to human management resulted in world wars. 

Humans automated their boring button pressing jobs because they wanted to run and play guitar all day. People wanted to do art all day because of the harsh realities of world war. Origins of conflict arose from poor early attempts at combining human accounting with politics. Improving food and material management policies were caused by the horrific conditions from economic collapse induced famine, not out of a sense of altruism but because wealthy people were having a difficult time walking down the street without being robbed.

Web development superficially seems as benign as high school gossip and has the benefit of providing extensive access to information historically locked behind University tuition fees and sharing information with family members that live far away. The invention of social media also led to people being ostracized after getting trapped in automatically generated negative content designed to elicit extreme feelings to induce knee-jerk online purchases. Compared to human suffering prior to the 1900’s, online gossip programs are a cake walk. Compared with the autogenerated internet star down the street with a new used vehicle, 21st-century life is wack.
