# Chapter 12: Conclusions

Web development was designed as a way to give people in the 2000’s something to occupy their time without going insane. This conclusion is likely because it is only physically possible to exercise for 1-3 hours a day. A common issue with skateboarding is overtraining because of the smaller muscles used in the repetitive movements and long gaps of unemployment in the modern contracting market with nothing to occupy the remaining 12-14 hours of the day. Distractions from boredom have a long anthropogenic history and are no different than prehistoric cave paintings or 17th century renaissance literature.

Popular academic attempts to accomplish this set nationalist dogma against an invisible and nonexistent belief system that was anti-whatever political ideology happened to be popular at that time in a specific geographic region in the United States. The hyper-competitive race included computer science in the 1980’s, arts and exercise in the 1960’s, and mathematics and statistics in the 1940’s had several unforeseen societal outcomes. Computer science automated most of the white collar and manufacturing jobs leading to unemployment resentment. Arts and music induced popularizing fringe social beliefs with bizarre tactics. Widespread knowledge of mathematics and statistics as applied to human management resulted in world wars. 

Humans automated their boring button pressing jobs because they wanted to run and play guitar all day. People wanted to do art all day because of the harsh realities of world war. Origins of conflict arose from poor early attempts at combining human accounting with politics. Improving food and material management policies were caused by the horrific conditions from economic collapse induced famine, not out of a sense of altruism but because wealthy people were having a difficult time walking down the street without being robbed.

Web development superficially seems as benign as high school gossip and has the benefit of providing extensive access to information historically locked behind University tuition fees and sharing information with family members that live far away. Yet the period with the invention of social media also led to people being ostracized after getting trapped in automatically generated negative content designed to elicit extreme feelings to induce knee-jerk online purchases. Compared to human suffering prior to the 1900’s, online gossip programs are a cake walk. Compared with the internet star down the street with a new used vehicle, 21st-century life is wack.
