# Chapter 13: Conclusions

- todo: edit for accuracy

Web development was designed as a way to share information and give people something to occupy their time without going insane. This conclusion is likely because it is only physically possible to exercise for 1-3 hours a day. A common issue with skateboarding is overtraining because of the smaller muscles used in the repetitive movements and long gaps of unemployment in the modern contracting market with nothing to occupy the remaining 12-14 hours of the day. Distractions from boredom have a long anthropogenic history and are no different than prehistoric cave paintings or 17th century renaissance literature.

Applying published psychological behavior modifications to keep overeducated and unemployable research scientists from becoming annoying through automated systems is stupid because the foundation it’s based on was meant as a learning tool and is rarely reproducible. The increasing amount of biological information collected from cell phones, security systems, and purchases from social media applications was meant to circumnavigate the lack of feedback but has evolved into the equivalent of perpetually living in front of the filming of a 1970’s live TV audience for a sitcom. An alternative is paying desperate people minimum wage to risk their well being by mildly or severely annoying the big genius blogger but either way the measure of stinkiness is entirely subjective as displayed by drunks and masochists and attempts to create an accurate scale via surveys is especially flawed. Computer science curriculum includes networking which has several layers such as the Wide Area Network (WAN) that spans the globe, Local Area Network (LAN) whose boundaries are within a state, county, or city, and Body Area Network (BAN) that follows the living space or a person. That course was mimicked in GIS through the concept of layers in which there is a basemap representing the world, government boundaries, and topics of interest such as houses. Political information disseminated through news, images, and video are generalized through each of these filters for people in localities throughout the world, meaning the local information is different for someone from Idaho compared with someone living across the country.

One of the greater challenges for educators is to lead their students to the correct answer through sequential challenges without giving them the answer to memorize to build general thinking ability. An example in computer science is that since a student spent the required amount of time learning Python, they could learn any language in a short amount of time but prefer Python because it would be less work to use the tool they already know to accomplish the task. Another challenge for educators is to avoid leading their students to illogical conclusions that result in bodily harm. Asking someone a series of questions to say they love programming to get a job is similar to asking a plumber to say they love a hammer.

Popular academic attempts to accomplish this set nationalist dogma against an invisible and nonexistent belief system that was anti-whatever political ideology happened to be popular at that time in a specific geographic region in the United States. The hyper-competitive race included computer science in the 1980’s, arts and exercise in the 1960’s, and mathematics and statistics in the 1940’s had several unforeseen societal outcomes. Computer science automated most of the white collar and manufacturing jobs leading to unemployment resentment. Arts and music induced popularizing fringe social beliefs with bizarre tactics. Widespread knowledge of mathematics and statistics as applied to human management resulted in world wars. Humans automated their boring button pressing jobs because they wanted to run and play guitar all day. People wanted to do art all day because of the harsh realities of world war. Origins of conflict arose from poor early attempts at combining human accounting with politics. Improving food and material management policies were caused by the horrific conditions from economic collapse induced famine, not out of a sense of altruism but because wealthy people were having a difficult time walking down the street without being robbed. Web development superficially seems as benign as high school gossip and has the benefit of providing extensive access to information historically locked behind University tuition fees and sharing information with family members that live far away. The invention of social media also led to people being ostracized after getting trapped in automatically generated negative content designed to elicit extreme feelings to induce knee-jerk online purchases. Compared to human suffering prior to the 1900’s, online gossip programs are a cake walk. Compared with the autogenerated internet star down the street with a new used vehicle, 21st-century life is wack.
